Rhnsd #8149 ke (#552)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/reference/pages/audit/audit-openscap-overview.adoc

----
+
NOTE: If the {productname} daemon ([command]``rhnsd``) or [command]``osad`` are running on the client system, the action will be picked up by these services.

> To check if they are running, on systemd-based systems use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On systemd-based systems, you can check if they are running with this command:
```

Steps in a procedure should always start with a verb (check if they are running), or a location (on systemd-based systems).

Author: ditto
